socialnetwork/domain/pages/UserPage.java
 socialnetwork.domain.pages.UserPage
 socialnetwork.domain.pages.UserPage$1
socialnetwork/repository/EventsRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.EventsRepository
socialnetwork/Networkanalyzer/NetworkAnalyzer.java
 socialnetwork.Networkanalyzer.NetworkAnalyzer
socialnetwork/utils/events/RequestChangeEvent.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.RequestChangeEvent
socialnetwork/repository/memory/InMemoryRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.memory.InMemoryRepository
socialnetwork/service/ServiceException.java
 socialnetwork.service.ServiceException
socialnetwork/domain/validators/ValidationException.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.ValidationException
socialnetwork/repository/Repository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.Repository
socialnetwork/domain/validators/Validator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.Validator
socialnetwork/controller/PrieteniiController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.PrieteniiController
 socialnetwork.controller.PrieteniiController$1
socialnetwork/config/Status.java
 socialnetwork.config.Status
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingFriendsRepo.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingFriendsRepo
socialnetwork/repository/paging/Pageable.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.Pageable
socialnetwork/controller/messageboxes/MessageAlert.java
 socialnetwork.controller.messageboxes.MessageAlert
socialnetwork/utils/events/UtilizatorChangeEvent.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.UtilizatorChangeEvent
socialnetwork/service/EventsService.java
 socialnetwork.service.EventsService
socialnetwork/domain/message/Message.java
 socialnetwork.domain.message.Message
socialnetwork/Main.java
 socialnetwork.Main
socialnetwork/controller/messageboxes/MessageInformation.java
 socialnetwork.controller.messageboxes.MessageInformation
socialnetwork/repository/paging/Page.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.Page
socialnetwork/config/ApplicationContext.java
 socialnetwork.config.ApplicationContext
socialnetwork/controller/LoginController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.LoginController
socialnetwork/repository/database/FriendRequestBDRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.database.FriendRequestBDRepository
socialnetwork/repository/file/AbstractFileRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.file.AbstractFileRepository
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingRepoFriends.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingRepoFriends
socialnetwork/utils/observer/Observable.java
 socialnetwork.utils.observer.Observable
socialnetwork/domain/Entity.java
 socialnetwork.domain.Entity
socialnetwork/domain/validators/EventValidator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.EventValidator
socialnetwork/controller/SentRequestsController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.SentRequestsController
socialnetwork/controller/TelegramController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.TelegramController
socialnetwork/domain/validators/MessageValidator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.MessageValidator
socialnetwork/repository/database/FriendshipBDRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.database.FriendshipBDRepository
socialnetwork/controller/CreateEventController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.CreateEventController
socialnetwork/controller/GuiController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.GuiController
socialnetwork/utils/events/AbstractEvent.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.AbstractEvent
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingUsersRepo.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingUsersRepo
socialnetwork/domain/validators/PrietenieValidator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.PrietenieValidator
socialnetwork/repository/database/PublicEventsDBRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.database.PublicEventsDBRepository
socialnetwork/service/MessengerService.java
 socialnetwork.service.MessengerService
socialnetwork/repository/paging/Paginator.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.Paginator
socialnetwork/repository/paging/PageableImplementation.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.PageableImplementation
socialnetwork/repository/RepoException.java
 socialnetwork.repository.RepoException
socialnetwork/repository/database/UtilizatorDbRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.database.UtilizatorDbRepository
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingRepoRequests.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingRepoRequests
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingRepository
socialnetwork/domain/users/Utilizator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.users.Utilizator
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingRepoEvents.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingRepoEvents
socialnetwork/controller/PublicEventsController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.PublicEventsController
socialnetwork/domain/friendship/FriendDTO.java
 socialnetwork.domain.friendship.FriendDTO
socialnetwork/domain/friendship/Prietenie.java
 socialnetwork.domain.friendship.Prietenie
socialnetwork/utils/events/Event.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.Event
socialnetwork/repository/paging/pagingRepo/PagingRepoMessages.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.pagingRepo.PagingRepoMessages
socialnetwork/service/UtilizatorService.java
 socialnetwork.service.UtilizatorService
socialnetwork/utils/events/FriendshipChangeEvent.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.FriendshipChangeEvent
socialnetwork/config/Constants.java
 socialnetwork.config.Constants
socialnetwork/controller/ConversationsController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.ConversationsController
socialnetwork/controller/RequestsController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.RequestsController
socialnetwork/utils/events/MessageEventChange.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.MessageEventChange
socialnetwork/controller/signUpController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.signUpController
socialnetwork/utils/observer/Observer.java
 socialnetwork.utils.observer.Observer
socialnetwork/domain/validators/UtilizatorValidator.java
 socialnetwork.domain.validators.UtilizatorValidator
socialnetwork/repository/file/UtilizatorFile.java
 socialnetwork.repository.file.UtilizatorFile
socialnetwork/domain/frequest/FRequest.java
 socialnetwork.domain.frequest.FRequest
socialnetwork/controller/ReportsController.java
 socialnetwork.controller.ReportsController
 socialnetwork.controller.ReportsController$1
socialnetwork/MainApp.java
 socialnetwork.MainApp
 socialnetwork.MainApp$1
socialnetwork/MainFx.java
 socialnetwork.MainFx
socialnetwork/controller/reports/FormType.java
 socialnetwork.controller.reports.FormType
socialnetwork/domain/frequest/FRequestDTO.java
 socialnetwork.domain.frequest.FRequestDTO
socialnetwork/domain/public_events/PublicEvent.java
 socialnetwork.domain.public_events.PublicEvent
socialnetwork/domain/Tuple.java
 socialnetwork.domain.Tuple
socialnetwork/repository/file/PrietenieFileRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.file.PrietenieFileRepository
socialnetwork/repository/paging/PageImplementation.java
 socialnetwork.repository.paging.PageImplementation
socialnetwork/ui/UserInterface.java
 socialnetwork.ui.UserInterface
socialnetwork/config/Config.java
 socialnetwork.config.Config
socialnetwork/service/FriendshipService.java
 socialnetwork.service.FriendshipService
socialnetwork/utils/events/ChangeEventType.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.ChangeEventType
socialnetwork/utils/md5/Md5.java
 socialnetwork.utils.md5.Md5
socialnetwork/utils/events/PublicEventChangeEvent.java
 socialnetwork.utils.events.PublicEventChangeEvent
socialnetwork/repository/database/MessagesBDRepository.java
 socialnetwork.repository.database.MessagesBDRepository
